README.md, before:

<div  align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/tfcc13">
    <img height="200em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=tfcc13&theme=github_dark&hide_border=true&border_color=EBDBB2&show_icons=true&border_radius=8&card_width=490&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/tfcc13">
    <img height="200em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=tfcc13&theme=github_dark&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&size_weight=0.35&count_weight=0.45&langs_count=10&layout=compact&border_color=EBDBB2&card_width=320&border_radius=8&exclude_repo=github-readme-stats&hide=cmake,makefile,starlark,tex,batchfile" />
  </a>
</div>


<p align = "center">
<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-E95420?style=flat&logo=ubuntu&logoColor=white&style=plastic">
<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=flat&logo=windows&logoColor=white&style=plastic">
<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-informational?style=flat&logo=Git&logoColor=white&color=4293F2&style=plastic">
<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-007ACC?logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=fff&style=plastic">
<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-5865F2?style=flat&logo=discord&logoColor=white&style=plastic">
</p>
<p align="center"><img align="center" src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=tfcc13&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt=""/></p>

<h1 align="center">Some Uni Projects</h1>

UC   |                                         Name                                         | Description | Grade |
| ---- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :---------: |
| LBAW |  [The Auction Hub](https://github.com/tfcc13/FEUP-3Y1S-LBAW-The-Auction-Hub)         | Auction Website with authentication, search and notifications (Laravel, Tailwind, JS, PostgreSQL) |              17.2     |
| LCOM |  Agalag         | A game, in Minix OS, inspired in Arcade Galaga using low-level devices: Timer, Keyboard, Mouse, Graphics Card and RTC   (C)     |    17.4     |
| ESOF |  [EcoSwap](https://github.com/tfcc13/FEUP-2Y2S-ES-ECOSWAP)         | Mobile App for environmental sustainability that allows to give out pre-owned, or swap, pre-owned items   (Dart w/ Flutter, Firebase)                    |    17.2     |
| AED |  [Flight Manager](https://github.com/tfcc13/AED_PROJECT_II_G81)         | CLI graph-based system to display air network info and calculate best (filtered) flight routes based on a large dataset (C++)                              |    19.0     |
| AED |  [Schedule Manager](https://github.com/tfcc13/AED_PROJECT_G81)         | CLI utility to manage LEIC student's schedules as well as retrieve information about classes, courses (C++)                              |    18.2     |
| PROG |  [Image Manipulation](https://github.com/FranciscoGens/FEUP_prog_project)        | Command-based image manipulation tool for 8-bit RGB images in PNG and XPM2 format (C/C++)                              |    19.3    |

Commit message:

Updated  README with more uni projects

README.md, after:

<div  align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/tfcc13">
    <img height="200em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=tfcc13&theme=github_dark&hide_border=true&border_color=EBDBB2&show_icons=true&border_radius=8&card_width=490&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/tfcc13">
    <img height="200em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=tfcc13&theme=github_dark&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&size_weight=0.35&count_weight=0.45&langs_count=10&layout=compact&border_color=EBDBB2&card_width=320&border_radius=8&exclude_repo=github-readme-stats&hide=cmake,makefile,starlark,tex,batchfile" />
  </a>
</div>


<p align = "center">
<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-E95420?style=flat&logo=ubuntu&logoColor=white&style=plastic">
<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=flat&logo=windows&logoColor=white&style=plastic">
<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-informational?style=flat&logo=Git&logoColor=white&color=4293F2&style=plastic">
<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-007ACC?logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=fff&style=plastic">
<img align="center" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-5865F2?style=flat&logo=discord&logoColor=white&style=plastic">
</p>
<p align="center"><img align="center" src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=tfcc13&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt=""/></p>

<h1 align="center">Some Uni Projects</h1>

UC   |                                         Name                                         | Description | Grade |
| ---- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :---------: |
| CG |  [Forest Fire Scene](https://github.com/tfcc13/FEUP-3Y2S-CG/tree/main/project)         | A 3D simulation of a user-controlled helicopter tasked with extinguishing fires. Includes custom object modeling, texturing, and shader programming. (Javascript, WebGL)  |              17.2     |
| IA |  [Students Academic Success Prediction](https://github.com/tfcc13/FEUP-3Y2S-IA-Students-Academic-Success)         |Application of Supervised Learning techniques like Decision Trees, SVM, k-Nearest Neighbours and Neuronal Networks to predict students academic success  (Jupyter, Python, Scikit) |              17.5     |
| IA |  [Router Optimization](https://github.com/tfcc13/FEUP-3Y2S-IA-Router-Optimization)         | Python app that, given a map, routers, backbone cells and a budget calculates the optimal placement with different algorithms (Python) |              20.0     |
| LBAW |  [The Auction Hub](https://github.com/tfcc13/FEUP-3Y1S-LBAW-The-Auction-Hub)         | Auction Website with authentication, search and notifications (Laravel, Tailwind, JS, PostgreSQL) |              17.2     |
| DA |  [Delivery Truck Pallet Packing Optimization](https://github.com/tfcc13/FEUP-2Y2S-DA-Project-II)         | CLI system that optimizes the packing of pallets into a delivery truck to maximize profit using Greedy, Brute-Force, Dynamic Programming and ILP approaches (C++) |              19.7     |
| DA |  [Individual Route Planning Tool](https://github.com/tfcc13/24_25_DA_I)         | CLI graph-based system to plan routes in a city by car and/or foot, with or without restrictions (C++) |              18.7     |
| LCOM |  Agalag         | A game, in Minix OS, inspired in Arcade Galaga using low-level devices: Timer, Keyboard, Mouse, Graphics Card and RTC   (C)     |    17.4     |
| ESOF |  [EcoSwap](https://github.com/tfcc13/FEUP-2Y2S-ES-ECOSWAP)         | Mobile App for environmental sustainability that allows to give out pre-owned, or swap, pre-owned items   (Dart w/ Flutter, Firebase)                    |    17.2     |
| AED |  [Flight Manager](https://github.com/tfcc13/AED_PROJECT_II_G81)         | CLI graph-based system to display air network info and calculate best (filtered) flight routes based on a large dataset (C++)                              |    19.0     |
| AED |  [Schedule Manager](https://github.com/tfcc13/AED_PROJECT_G81)         | CLI utility to manage LEIC student's schedules as well as retrieve information about classes, courses (C++)                              |    18.2     |
| PROG |  [Image Manipulation](https://github.com/FranciscoGens/FEUP_prog_project)        | Command-based image manipulation tool for 8-bit RGB images in PNG and XPM2 format (C/C++)                              |    19.3    |
